Auto update of layer version file (#23)
signalfx/lambda-layer-versions: splunk-apm/README.md

## Get started 

Currently, following components are supported:
- [Java wrapper](#java-wrapper)
- [Python wrapper](#python-wrapper)  
- [Metrics extension](#metrics-extension)

### Configuration

> All components are preconfigured to use Splunk as the tracing backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All components are preconfigured to use Splunk as the tracing back end.
```

Author: :O It has always been "frontend" and "backend" (without spaces).

Reviewer: Non in the splunk docs guidelines... https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/StyleGuide/current/StyleGuide/Usagedictionary#B

2. Span flush

    Spans are sent synchronously, before the lamda function terminates. Default span flush wait timeout is 1 second. It is controlled with a following environment variable (value in milliseconds):
    ```
    OTEL_INSTRUMENTATION_AWS_LAMBDA_FLUSH_TIMEOUT: 30000
    ```
   
3. Context propagation

    For more information about available context propagators, see the [Propagator settings](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/tree/v1.1.0/sdk-extensions/autoconfigure#customizing-the-opentelemetry-sdk) for the OpenTelemetry Java.

4. Logging
    
    Logging is controller with `OTEL_LAMBDA_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable. Default set to `WARN`. When set to `DEBUG`, the logging exporter is added to traces exporter in order to help verify exported data.
    
    Please note that enabling `DEBUG` will generate additional logs which may in turn increase AWS CloudWatch costs. 

### Python wrapper

The Python wrapper is based on Splunk Distribution of OpenTelemetry Python version `v1.0.0`. 

The official documentation of the upstream layer can be found [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-lambda/blob/main/python/README.md).

1. Installation

>     Set the `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER` environment variable to `/opt/otel-instrument`.

Reviewer 2: java uses `/opt/otel-handler`, should these be consistent between instrumentations? Or if the could clash then should they include language name to make clear which of these belongs to which language?

Author: That might make sense. Will open PR with upstream.
